(LOOΠΔ TV in Hong Kong starts with a sound like a dog)
Yves: Aw.... you got a cold?
(This sound is too strong to be aired, so it's blurred)
Yves: My ears!
Yves: We're going to Hungary...
Chuu: What?
Yves: I mean, Hungary is not today's destination, we're going to Hong Kong!
Chuu: She's not awake yet!
(They moved to a lounge in the airport to have some time to rest)
Yves&Chuu: Lounge!
Chuu: We just ate food here, a lounge and then~
(And she doesn't know the next schedule)
Chuu: Okay~
(Nothing to say...)
Yves: Chuu, where do you want to go if you can travel?
Chuu: Italy~ and Hawaii~
Chuu: And! that... salt beach... sea?
Yves: (Simple joke) Do you like salt?
Chuu: (Disappointed) No....
Chuu: Because everyone wants to go there~
Chuu: And I searched it and I found that it is so beautiful!
Yves: I want to go to... Boracay
Chuu: (T.M.I) Oh! My mom and grand mother are in Boracay now!
Yves: Then why didn't they bring me to Boracay?
(Yves' T.M.J (Too Much Joke))
Yves: I mean, why your mom didn't take me to Boracay even when she went to there
(Yves couldn't go to Boracay, but they arrived at the Hong Kong and it makes them happy!)
Chuu: Our members, are you watching it now?
Yves: Watching it now?
Chuu: We miss you~